---
layout: post
author: Steven
category: statistics
read-time: 30
---
**Table of Contents**
* TOC
{:toc}

# 1 Introduction
Hello hello.
## 1.1 Background
I'm going to write a bunch of stuff in here to see how it renders. Going to add more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more characters to test it.

## 1.2 Purpose

## 1.3 Hypotheses
Here are my hypotheses:

### 1.3.1 Hypothesis 1
This is my first hypothesis

### 1.3.2 Hypothesis 2
This is my second hypothesis

### 1.3.3 Hypothesis 3
This is my third hypothesis

# 2 Basic outline
This is the basic outline for the text.

## 2.1 Examples of click-backs
You can refer back to parts of the article by [clicking here to jump back to the introduction](#1-introduction).

## 2.2 Equations

We can type _equations_ like so: $$e^{ix} = \cos{x} + i\sin{x}$$.

If we type an equation on its own line, __it automatically centers itself__:

<span class="equation"> $$ f(x) = 3x^{2}+1 $$ </span>

Notice how I also added _italicized_ and __bold__ font.

## 2.3 Lists

Lists are easy.

* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3

Or make them ordered:

1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3

Or Nested:

1. Item 1
* Item 1a
* Item 1b

2. Item 2
* Item 2a
* Item 2b

__Need to fix how these render__

## 2.4 Code
We can insert a generic code block like this:
```python
import numpy as np
import pandas as import pd

def function(x):
  f_x = 3*x + 1
  return f_x
```
Or with R:

```r
library(tidyverse)
library(lme4)
x <- c(1,2,3,4,5)
y <- c(10,20,30,40, 50)
id <- c(a, b, c, d, e)
model <- lmer(y~x + (1|id))
```

Or even just a generic code block:

```
<write your code in here>
```

## 2.5 Blocked Quote

It is easy to use block-quotes as well:

> "This is a quote from something else that I can cite. Let's make the quote longer to see how it ends up looking when it renders."
>
>\- Steven

You can also have nested block quotes:

> "This is a quote about something, which quoted the following:"
>> "testing testing 123"
>
> \- Steven

Note a huge fan of this, though.

## 2.6 Fancy Links

In my case, I'd like to have separate highlighting for key terms that I have defined elsewhere so they can be distinguished from hyperlinks to other URLs. To do this, the links need to be of a different class. Markdown can take raw HTML code as input, so it's as easy as writing some code like:

```html
<a href= some_link class= some_class title= "Click for Definition"> Definition </a>
```

right in your Markdown text to include a specific <a href= "" class= "definition" title= "Click for Definition">definition</a> styling for links. Of course, you can input any raw HTML in your markdown file and have it styled with CSS.
